How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Viewing a diff between two versions of a file helped me see the differences 
    clearer and quicker than if I had done it by myself.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having the entire history of a file would make you a more efficient programmer in the long
    run because you would not have to spend as much time going back if something breaks and 
    you could see how much your program is changing as time goes on.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    In git, you are able to choose when to save, giving you the option to save whenever you feel
    a big enough change has been made. A con is that you may not be saving often enough if you 
    forget to make a commit. A pro is that you have the freedom to choose when you want to commit. 
    A pro of google docs is that every change you ever made is saved and available so in case you
    had a great line for a paper or something you could go back and see it. A con is that, you have 
    so many things saved that you may not even need so going back would be a chore. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git allows you to save multiple files in one commit because different files can have refereneces
    to each other. For example, CSS styles and HTML pages are very intertwined and CSS stylesheets
    reference classes created in HTML files. Google Docs are single files that are not affected
    by other Google Docs files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log shows you all the commits that were made and git diff allows you to compare two different 
    commits to see what changed, what was added and what was removed

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    If I made changes that could break something, I would be able to go back to the last working 
    commit without any worries if I had been using version control.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I will be using git for my class projects and assignments.